Mr. Zhou
Mr. Xu, what are you doing?
Mr. Zhou, you don't know yet
One was mixed into today's venue ceremony
Amazing fly
The fly is Jin Quliang
The ceremony is the highest ceremony in our Chinese music scene
It is the singing of countless musicians
him one
The boss of the monthly salary bank is actually standing here
Little boss unknown
I am not only arrogant to try to abandon people's affairs
Trying to pretend to cut both ends of the hand
To elevate their status
Satisfy his telling secret
Seven Taoists have one seven Taoist priest
Doudou has a low character like him
The status is so low
Stand here.
That's like
He thinks his life is famous.
Doudou also asks you to represent the Golden Melody Award
Announce the ban on this person
This person is of low character
Should be banned
Block what
Quit the entertainment industry
Mr. Xu, what is the matter if you want to ban it?
This is barbecue
Are you serious?
I'm just for us
About their fertility and confusion
Did a trivial thing
I'll kill you for a little thing
Mr. Zhou
What do you think his announcement is about?
Mr. Chu, I'm late, Mr. Chu